### pw

A simple interactive script that uses `pass` in conjunction with `mpw` to provide a single interface to access all passwords.

#### Dependencies

* **pass** - the standard unix password manager (https://www.passwordstore.org/)
* **mpw** - The master password command line client (https://github.com/Lyndir/MasterPassword)
* **fzf** - Command line fuzzy matcher (https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
* **rofi** - Window switcher and fuzzy matcher (https://github.com/DaveDavenport/rofi)
* **xsel** - Program that allows programmatic clipboard access (http://www.vergenet.net/~conrad/software/xsel/)

#### Usage

    ./pw <optional-url>


#### How it works

This script works by providing the user a list of all `pass` entries and allowing them to select one. It then retrieves the stored password for the selected entry. If the stored password entry matches a entry `identifier` stored in a mpw (MasterPassword) config file exactly, then it will prompt the user for their Master Password, which it will then use along with information from the mpw config file to generate a password which is then added to the clipboard. If the password retrieved from `pass` did not match an mpw entry then it will be simply added to the clipboard. A popup notification, optionally containing the generated master password symbols will be displayed as well.

Additionally, if a url is provided to the command, `pw` will cache the selected password entry and push that entry to the top of the selection list the next time it's called with a url containing the same base domain. This works with multiple entries.

If run from the command line then `pw` uses `fzf` to match entries, otherwise it uses `rofi` if run non-interactively. Additionally, if a clipster daemon is running the password will be automatically removed from the clipboard after 30 seconds.

#### Configuration

`pw` looks for a single configuration file named `~/.mpw` which contains entries, one per line, of the format:

    <identifier> <site> <type> <counter>

An example configuration would be:

    github github.com max 1
    google google.com max 1
    google-work google.com max 2
    yahoo yahoo.com long 2

If `yahoo` was chosen then the resulting `mpw` command would be issued to generate it's password:

    mpw -t long -c 1 yahoo.com

#### Master Password integration with Pass

In order to use `pw` to properly handle both MasterPassword generated passwords and normal passwords stored in `pass`, an identifer from the `.mpw` config file should stored as the password in `pass`. For example, using the previous configuration example if we wanted to add a password for our work google account which we manage using MasterPassword we would add the following to pass:

    pass insert google/user@company.com
    # then enter 'google-work' as the password

The next time we run `pw` and select `google/user@company.com`, it will properly detect that this is a password generated by MasterPassword and will prompt the user to enter their master password, after which it will generate the correct password and copy it to the clipboard.

#### TODO

* MacOS support
